Fix docker compose file name in documentation (#11069)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/docker-deployment.md

    {{% /tab %}} {{% tab Docker %}}

```shell
docker compose --env-file .env --env-file .env.override \
  -f compose.yaml -f compose.full.yaml \
  -f compose.observability.yaml -f compose.extras.yaml \
  up --force-recreate --remove-orphans --detach
```

    {{% /tab %}} {{< /tabpane >}}

    ### Deployment modes

    The demo supports several deployment modes. The default `make start` runs
    the full demo with all services and the observability stack. Other modes
    let you reduce resource usage or exclude certain components:

    | Mode | Make target | Description |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Full | `make start` | All services and observability backends (default) |
    | Minimal | `make start-minimal` | Excludes Kafka and its dependent services (`accounting`, `fraud-detection`, `kafka`), reducing memory usage to ~3 GB |
    | No observability | `make start-no-o11y` | All services without the observability backends (Jaeger, Grafana, Prometheus, OpenSearch) |
    | Minimal, no observability | `make start-minimal-no-o11y` | Minimal services without the observability backends |

>     | Profiling | `make start-profiling` | Full mode with an eBPF profiler and the [Firepit](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/blob/main/src/firepit/) UI for profiling data |

Reviewer: This link is wrong, proposed link is used by OTel-demo 3.0 blogpost so it should be fine to use it.

```suggestion
    | Profiling | `make start-profiling` | Full mode with an eBPF profiler and the [Firepit](https://github.com/florianl/firepit) UI for profiling data |
```

Reviewer: @svrnm, could you please apply change and merge?

Reviewer 2: Oh wow, totally missed that one!
Thx for spotting it @Kielek

  service:
    pipelines:
      traces:
        exporters: [debug, otlp_grpc/jaeger, span_metrics, otlphttp/example]
  ```

> [!NOTE]
>
> When merging YAML values with the Collector, objects are merged and arrays are
> replaced. The upstream exporter names must be repeated in the `exporters`
> array when overriding a pipeline; omitting them removes the corresponding
> exporters. The upstream exporter names are:
>
> - **traces**: `debug`, `otlp_grpc/jaeger`, `span_metrics`
> - **metrics**: `debug`, `otlp_http/prometheus`

> > - **logs**: `debug`, `opensearch`

Reviewer 2: This is actually incorrect.

Only `span_metrics` is required on traces exporters and metrics receivers.
This is the only component that would cause a crash.

All the other components, when missing, would just be overridden.
